[Doc] Graph Construction PR Refactor - PR2: GPartition Doc (#918)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/graph-construction/gs-processing/gpartition/sagemaker.rst

===================================
Running partition jobs on SageMaker
===================================

Once the :ref:`distributed processing setup<gsprocessing_distributed_setup>` is complete,
you can use Amazon SageMaker launch scripts to launch distributed processing jobs with AWS resources.

> To demonstrate the usage of GSProcessing on Amazon SageMaker, we will execute the same output in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To demonstrate the usage of GSProcessing on Amazon SageMaker, we will execute the same output as in 
```

:ref:`GSProcessing Output<gsp-examining-output>` .

> Build the docker image for partition jobs on SageMaker

Author: Same here, move it later until we decide where to put the docker build process for SageMaker.

------------------------------------------------------
GPartition job on SageMaker uses SageMaker's **BYOC** (Bring Your Own Container) mode.

Step 1: Build a SageMaker-compatible Docker image
...................................................

.. note::
    * Please make sure your account has access key (AK) and security access key (SK) configured to authenticate accesses to AWS services.
    * For more details of Amazon ECR operation via CLI, users can refer to the `Using Amazon ECR with the AWS CLI document <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/getting-started-cli.html>`_.

First, in a Linux machine, configure a Docker environment by following the `Docker documentation <https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/>`_ suggestions.

In order to use the SageMaker base Docker image, users need to use the following command to authenticate to pull SageMaker images.

.. code-block:: bash

>     aws ecr get-login-password --region us-east-1 | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin 763104351884.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com

Reviewer 2: This account ID only applies for us-east-1, let's add links to all the others: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg-ecr-paths/sagemaker-algo-docker-registry-paths.html

Reviewer 3: Let's cite the DLC github page to provide this authentication explanation: https://github.com/aws/deep-learning-containers/blob/master/available_images.md.
There is a section named "Important" that give this command and explanations.

>     aws ecr get-login-password --region us-east-1 | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin 763104351884.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    aws ecr get-login-password --region us-east-1 | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin 123456789.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com
```

2. **DEVICE_TYPE**, is the intended device type of the to-be built Docker image. Please specify ``cpu`` for building CPU-compatible images for partition job.
3. **IMAGE_NAME** (optional), is the assigned name of the to-be built Docker image. Default is ``graphstorm``.

.. warning::
    In order to upload the GraphStorm SageMaker Docker image to Amazon ECR, users need to define the <IMAGE_NAME> to include the ECR URI string, **<AWS_ACCOUNT_ID>.dkr.ecr.<REGION>.amazonaws.com/**, e.g., ``888888888888.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/graphstorm``.

4. **IMAGE_TAG** (optional), is the assigned tag name of the to-be built Docker image. Default is ``sm-<DEVICE_TYPE>``,
   that is, ``sm-gpu`` for GPU images, ``sm-cpu`` for CPU images.

Once the ``build_docker_sagemaker.sh`` command completes successfully, there will be a Docker image, named ``<IMAGE_NAME>:<IMAGE_TAG>``,
such as ``888888888888.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/graphstorm:sm-gpu``, in the local repository, which could be listed by running:

.. code-block:: bash

>     docker image ls

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    docker images graphstorm
```

.. _upload_sagemaker_docker:

Step 2: Upload Docker Images to Amazon ECR Repository
.......................................................

> Because SageMaker relies on Amazon ECR to access customers' own Docker images, users need to upload Docker images built in the Step 1 to their own ECR repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because SageMaker relies on Amazon ECR to access customers' own Docker images, users need to upload the Docker images built in the Step 1 to their own ECR repository.
```

The following command will authenticate the user account to access to user's ECR repository via AWS CLI.

.. code-block:: bash

    aws ecr get-login-password --region <REGION> | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin <AWS_ACCOUNT_ID>.dkr.ecr.<REGION>.amazonaws.com

Please replace the `<REGION>` and `<AWS_ACCOUNT_ID>` with your own account information and be consistent with the values used in the **Step 1**.

> In addition, users need to create an ECR repository at the specified `<REGION>` with the name as `<IMAGE_NAME>` **WITHOUT** the ECR URI string, e.g., ``graphstorm``.

Reviewer 2: I think our script creates one if it doesn't exist?

Author: I do not think the SageMaker script does that: https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/docker/build_docker_sagemaker.sh

> And then use the below command to push the built GraphStorm Docker image to users' own ECR repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And then use the following command to push the built GraphStorm Docker image to users' own ECR repository.
```

.. code-block:: bash

    docker push <IMAGE_NAME>:<IMAGE_TAG>

Please replace the `<IMAGE_NAME>` and `<IMAGE_TAG>` with the actual Docker image name and tag, e.g., ``888888888888.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/graphstorm:sm-gpu``.

Launch the partition job on Amazon SageMaker
---------------------------------------------

> For this example we'll use a same size SageMaker cluster with 2 ``ml.t3.xlarge`` instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example, we'll use a SageMaker cluster with 2 ``ml.t3.xlarge`` instances
```

> as in :ref:`GSProcessing Example<gsp-examining-output>`. In this tutorial, we assume the data is already ready on AWS S3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In this tutorial, we assume the data is already ready on an AWS S3 bucket.
```

> For large graph, users can select larger instance type and more instances in number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For large graph, users can choose larger instances or more instances.
```

Install dependencies
.....................

> To run GraphStorm with the Amazon SageMaker service, users should set up an instance with the SageMaker library installed and GraphStorm's SageMaker tools copied.

Reviewer 2: No need to set up an entire instance just to run this, just need a Python env with SageMaker, and configured AWS credentials

Author: I change the description here.

1. Use the below command to install SageMaker.

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install sagemaker

2. Copy GraphStorm SageMaker tools. Users can clone the GraphStorm repository using the following command or copy the `sagemaker folder <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/tree/main/sagemaker>`_ to the instance.

.. code-block:: bash

    git clone https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm.git

Launch graph partitioning task
...............................
Users can use the following command to launch partition jobs.

.. code:: bash

   python launch/launch_partition.py \
       --graph-data-s3 ${DATASET_S3_PATH} \
       --num-parts ${NUM_PARTITIONS} \
       --instance-count ${NUM_INSTANCES} \
       --output-data-s3 ${OUTPUT_PATH} \
       --instance-type ${INSTANCE_TYPE} \
       --image-url ${IMAGE_URI} \
       --region ${REGION} \
       --role ${ROLE}  \
       --entry-point "run/partition_entry.py" \
       --metadata-filename ${METADATA_FILE} \
       --log-level INFO \
       --partition-algorithm ${ALGORITHM}

.. warning::

>     The ``NUM_INSTANCES`` should be a multiple of ``NUM_PARTITIONS`` here.

Reviewer 2: Exact is better, using more instances than num parts I think has no benefit?

Author: Why not? I suppose more instances will provide better scalabilities on memory and number of cores.

Reviewer 2: I don't think the implementation supports this scenario.

Author: I make the description to exact, I run some simple experiments and did not see any boost here. Let us make it as exact here.
